Fix typo in code segment of custom name resolution (#1650)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/features/custom-name-resolution.md

```

:::note

The `onNameLookup` handler response includes a `domainName` property.

> You can use this property to perform fuzzy matching on domain names by returning the resolved domain rather than the one provided in the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this property to perform fuzzy matching on domain names, by having the handler return the resolved domain rather than the one provided in the request.
```
